http://www.erziehung-online.de/forum/allgemein/%27als-ich-mich-selbst-zu-lieben-begann-%27

True authors: Kim & Alison McMillen, "As I began to love myself", 2001

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann...

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
habe ich verstanden, dass ich immer und bei jeder Gelegenheit,
zur richtigen Zeit am richtigen Ort bin
und dass alles, was geschieht, richtig ist -
von da an konnte ich ruhig sein.
Heute weiß ich: Das nennt man VERTRAUEN.

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
konnte ich erkennen, dass emotionaler Schmerz und Leid
nur Warnungen für mich sind, gegen meine eigene Wahrheit zu leben.
Heute weiß ich: Das nennt man AUTHENTISCH SEIN.

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
habe ich aufgehört, mich nach einem anderen Leben zu sehnen
und konnte sehen, dass alles um mich herum eine Aufforderung zum Wachsen war.
Heute weiß ich, das nennt man 'REIFE'.

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
habe ich aufgehört, mich meiner freien Zeit zu berauben,
und ich habe aufgehört, weiter grandiose Projekte für die Zukunft zu entwerfen.
Heute mache ich nur das, was mir Spaß und Freude macht,
was ich liebe und was mein Herz zum Lachen bringt,
auf meine eigene Art und Weise und in meinem Tempo.
Heute weiß ich, das nennt man EHRLICHKEIT.

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
habe ich mich von allem befreit, was nicht gesund für mich war,
von Speisen, Menschen, Dingen, Situationen
und von Allem, das mich immer wieder hinunterzog, weg von mir selbst.
Anfangs nannte ich das 'Gesunden Egoismus',
aber heute weiß ich, das ist 'SELBSTLIEBE'.

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
habe ich aufgehört, immer recht haben zu wollen,
so habe ich mich weniger geirrt.
Heute habe ich erkannt: das nennt man DEMUT.

Als ich mich selbst zu lieben begann,
habe ich mich geweigert, weiter in der Vergangenheit zu leben
und mich um meine Zukunft zu sorgen.
Jetzt lebe ich nur noch in diesem Augenblick, wo ALLES stattfindet,
so lebe ich heute jeden Tag und nenne es 'BEWUSSTHEIT'.

Als ich mich zu lieben begann,
da erkannte ich, dass mich mein Denken
armselig und krank machen kann.
Als ich jedoch meine Herzenskräfte anforderte,
bekam der Verstand einen wichtigen Partner.
Diese Verbindung nenne ich heute 'HERZENSWEISHEIT'.

Wir brauchen uns nicht weiter vor Auseinandersetzungen,
Konflikten und Problemen mit uns selbst und anderen fürchten,
denn sogar Sterne knallen manchmal aufeinander
und es entstehen neue Welten.
Heute weiß ich: DAS IST DAS LEBEN!

Charlie Chaplin
an seinem 70. Geburtstag am 16. April 1959


Mich haben diese Zeilen sehr berührt und ich habe, außer an mich, auch an viele hier im Forum denken müssen, die ihr Päckchen zu tragen haben, in Zeiten des Umbruchs, Neuanfangs und Zweifelns sind! Deshalb wollte ich euch teilhaben lassen.

Vielleicht gefällt es euch ebenso gut, wie mir!

Bettina

bettina, danke für diesen text. er hat mich sehr berührt. und ich erkenne meinen eigenen weg darin, den ich gerade gehe.
Julia

ich danke dir für diese Zeilen, vielleicht finde ich mich irgendwann auch darin wieder...

Und wenn ich am Ende doch nicht glücklich bin und das Leben mich wieder betrogen hat, dann hatte ich dafuer viele tausend Augenblicke die wunderschön gewesen sind.
In denen ich gelebt habe, die unvergesslich sind .......

Das Leben ist ein dorniger Rosenstock und das Glück die Blüte.  *Konfuzius*

"Bildung kommt von Bildschirm und nicht von Buch, sonst hieße es ja Buchung."

Dieter Hildebrandt

Dankt Charlie Chaplin, ihr Lieben. Auf dass wir nicht 70 werden müssen, um das zu erkennen  ;)!

Ich arbeite ja auch noch dran, aber das Wichtigste ist....das Glück ist in UNS! WIR haben es in der Hand und sind von NIEMANDEM abhängig, auch wenn es uns manchmal so vorkommt  :-*!

Weihnachten kann jeder ;)!
*Hidden*

Aber danke dir, dass du die Worte hier rein geschrieben hast, damit andere davon lernen  :)
Ich versuch, mehr davon im Leben umzusetzen.. Aber ich glaube, das geht nur allmählich

Vinz,Benedikt+Laura

ich danke dir für diese Zeilen, vielleicht finde ich mich irgendwann auch darin wieder...

Wirklich super schön  :)

Das ist wunderschön! Und so passend, auch auf meine derzeitige Situation.

DANKE!
Gespeichert

Es ist empfehlenswert, sich von toten Ästen zu lösen, um auf einen grünen Zweig zu kommen...
Wen Du nicht mit Können beeindrucken kannst, den verwirre mit Schwachsinn
Bekka

@Möwe: Ich kannte diesen Text zwar schon, trotzdem schön, dass Du ihn mir wieder in Erinnerung gerufen hast.

Danke! :-*

früher: Sisamlimamzuri, die Unaussprechliche ;D
Wer den Kopf in den Sand steckt, hat schlechte Aussichten ;)

Dulcie

So schön und berührend, vielen Dank  :D
lotta

Omnia vincit amor - Die Liebe besiegt alles!

Einen kleinen für immer im Herzen.

Wenn du etwas Schönes erschaffen willst, mache es mit Liebe
und sei dabei geduldig wie der Wind und das Meer!


--------------------------------------------
http://comoutrosolhos.multiply.com/journal/item/139?&show_interstitial=1&u=%2Fjournal%2Fitem


Miriam's Site

Blog Entry	"As I began to love myself" don't belongs to Chaplin!	Dec 16, '09 12:31 PM

There is a text on the web attributed to Chaplin, its name is "As I began to love myself", but I know this text don't belongs to Chaplin, and I will tell you the real origin of this text.

In sep 18, 2007, I started a research on this text attributed to Chaplin
in Brazilian sites and I discovered this:

-In 2001, Kim & Alison McMillen published the book "When I loved myself enough" (You can see the book in this site: Amazon.com, you can read some pages online)

-In 2003, Iva Sofia G Lima (Brazilian) translated this book into "Quando me amei de verdade", (Editora Sextante), with the correct credits.

-The text "Quando me amei de verdade" started to be attributed to Chaplin by Brazilian or Portuguese speakers "Chaplin fans", on their blogs, orkut profiles, orkut communities, and other web services, moreover, it started to be modified by the fans. I suspect this occurs with the Spanish (speakers) fans too.

-The text "Quando me amei de verdade" was translated again into english (Yes! translation of the translation!) by Brazilian "Chaplin fans" with the new title "As I began to love myself"

Conclusion: "As I began to love myself" don't belongs to Chaplin and the real title of the text is "When I loved myself enough" and it belongs to Kim & Alison McMillen, and it was modified too, and now we can see the text "As I began to love myself" very different from the original!

You can see my researches in this link:

http://comoutrosolhos.multiply.com/journal/item/59 (Portuguese-BR),

sep, 18 2007

I don't like when the Brazilian fans (or others) attribute to Chaplin a text that don't belongs to him and I still very angry/sad about this.

If you are a Chaplin lover of USA or UK, you must know that there are many texts misattributed to Chaplin and this texts are, in many cases, Portuguese texts translated to English.

I found a blog that said: "Apparently Charlie Chaplin wrote the following poem on his 70th birthday on April 16, 1959. " When they have no informations about the origins of the text, they create it to ensure the truthfulness. The following is misattributed to Chaplin:

As I began to love myself I found that anguish and emotional suffering
are only warning signs that I was living against my own truth.
Today, I know, this is "AUTHENTICITY".

As I began to love myself I understood how much it can offend somebody
As I try to force my desires on this person,
even though I knew the time was not right and the person was not ready for it,
and even though this person was me.
Today I call it "RESPECT".

As I began to love myself I stopped craving for a different life,
and I could see that everything that surrounded me was inviting me to grow.
Today I call it "MATURITY".

As I began to love myself I understood that at any circumstance,
I am in the right place at the right time,
and everything happens at the exactly right moment. So I could be calm.
Today I call it "SELF-CONFIDENCE".

As I began to love myself I quit stealing my own time,
and I stopped designing huge projects for the future.
Today, I only do what brings me joy and happiness, things I love to do
and that make my heart cheer, and I do them in my own way and in my own rhythm.
Today I call it "SIMPLICITY".

As I began to love myself I freed myself of anything that is no good for my health -
food, people, things, situations, and everything the drew me down and
away from myself.
At first I called this attitude a healthy egoism.
Today I know it is "LOVE OF ONESELF".

As I began to love myself I quit trying to always be right,
and ever since I was wrong less of the time.
Today I discovered that is "MODESTY".

As I began to love myself I refused to go on living in the past and worry about the future.
Now, I only live for the moment, where everything is happening.
Today I live each day, day by day, and I call it "FULFILLMENT".

As I began to love myself I recognized that my mind can disturb me and it can make me sick.
But as I connected it to my heart, my mind became a valuable ally.
Today I call this connection "WISDOM OF THE HEART".

We no longer need to fear arguments, confrontations or any kind of problems
with ourselves or others.
Even stars collide, and out of their crashing new worlds are born.
Today I know "THAT IS LIFE"!

Source: http://khurula.blogspot.com/2009/10/charlie-chaplin.html, acess Dec 16 2009

Unfortunately, there are many sites attributing this text to Chaplin, but it don't belongs to him.

Bye

I'm a Portuguese speaker from Brazil, researcher of the authory of the texts/quotes attributed to Chaplin, on the web or out of here (This is my hobby, I'm a Chaplin fan).

Charles Chaplin - Home Page (Portuguese-BR)
Tags: não é de chaplin, apócrifos, não são de chaplin, chaplin, inglês, idioma, tradução, autorias
Prev: O Mundo Perdido - Página Inicial
Next: O Mundo Perdido - Livro - Cap. 1
reply

11 Comments
viorrell wrote on Feb 3, '10
Well done!
I am not a fan of Chaplin, I think I don't know him enough. But I don't like it in general when spiritually nice-looking texts are attributed to important people just to get more credit.
I received an email with a translation of the text into Romanian (as I am Romanian) and it seemed to me that it could not belong to Chaplin, it had far too much flavour of "wise" texts circulating this days, often as spam. So I searched and quickly found the "original" EN, which did not convince me either, so went on in searching and found your page - which was like a breath of fresh air. Unfortunately I don't speak Spanish so could not read your detailed research, but it would be useful if you could add more evidence to what you presented in English - what I read there are things that we are supposed to believe (which I am very tempted personally) but from a scientific perspective it seems to me that they lack more substance. For example, the pages available online from that book look quite different from the poem in question and also we have no evidence that Mc Millan could not have inspired from a poem by Chaplin. This being said, I must stress that your post is a rare proof of an awake spirit in this huge soupe of sleeping pills.
All the best, Viorel

comoutrosolhos wrote on Feb 6, '10, edited on Feb 6, '10
Hello, Viorel, thanks for writing
You said the book poem available online doesn't seem the same you received at your e-mail, this is because the book was originally wrote in English (by McMillen), then was translated to portuguese. Somebody create a collection of some quotes of the book. This collection was modified again with the addition of the quotes "Today, I know, this is "AUTHENTICITY", this addition started in the web, blogs, e-mail's and the modified version was translated again to English, and the second translation, that is not the original English version, was translated to Romanian, so that's why the texts don't seems the same. I also have to say that the text attributed to Chaplin is a selection of quotes in the McMillen's book, so you must read all the book to find the quotes that appear in the text. I also have to say that the text seems different because the second translation to English was based on a portuguese translation. If you give an English text to 2 different romanian translators they will give you back 2 different translations, this occurs with this text, the person who translated the portuguese text back to the English did'nt knew the original English version, that's why the two English texts are so different.
---
Inspirated by Chaplin?
By the time I made the research there were many song lirics made by Chaplin available on his official web site (not available today), and there was no texts seemed to this. I asked to many "Chaplin fans" were he published this text? In wich filme does he spoke this text? No one could tell me.
So I decided to ask in an English group in Yahoo! (with my terrible English) and nobody tell me were does he published this text for the first time.
If this text was just inspired by a Chaplin text, so that's ok, but which text? Nobody can tell. Why? I think there is no text wrote by Chaplin seemed to this.
I don't know all the Chaplin works, but since I started to research I read a lot about him and by him (I also watch his movies :) ).
It seems this text is popular in USA, so if this text was wrote by Chaplin some expert in Chaplin could told us, but until now, nobody told. If McMillen was inspired by a poem made by Chaplin, all I have to ask is: What poem? Does Chaplin really write poetry? I just know about some of his books, and many of them are very narrative and descriptive. He spoke about how he made his movies, how he lives in childhood, his wifes, his writing in his books is very erudit, but never "self-help". I don't know about any poem book wrote by Chaplin. All the poetry made by Chaplin, as far as I know, was published on his films in lirics songs and there were no songs seemed to this text (as far as I know).
As I said before, I don't know all the Chaplin's works, so I am receptive to sugestions to other origins to this text (but I can't believe this text was wrote by Chaplin when he was 70's just because this information was found in a blog... I also need more substance like "in which movie / in wich book / where do I find it out of the web?)
---
False Sources:
One day I saw a self-help text attributed to Chaplin, and the site said the text was in "The great dictator" movie - the blog said it was the last speech. Well, I watch the movie and I was very angry when I read this, because the text was not in the movie!!!
Another day, another self-help text was attributed to Chaplin in a Brazilian community on Orkut and the author of post said the text was in "The Kid" movie. Again I was angry because I watch the movie and the text was not there!!!
Then, so do I look for evidences... But many times I can recognise when the evidences are false...
---
In conclusion I think Chaplin is not a literature poet but is a movie poet. All the pure poetry made by Chaplin is in his movies, even in his silent movies.
--
Bye
All the best
Miriam

comoutrosolhos wrote on Feb 6, '10
wow... a text that starts to be attribuited to Chaplin in Brazilian/Portuguese sites was translated to English again and goes to Romenia!!!

comoutrosolhos wrote on Feb 6, '10
Maybe this link can help you:
http://www.goldcoastyogacentre.com/welcome/page168.php

rrradu wrote on May 6, '10
Hi, Miriam, thank you so much for your post. When I saw "his poem", after seeing his movies, I knew he could have never written something so idiotic and simplist...Your post brought me clarity and I admire your efforts in "debunking" self help authors in their attempts to hijack Chaplin's name.

flowinginmay wrote on Oct 20, '10
A few days ago I have read a poem attributed to Gabriel Garcia Marquez. I had the same impression of mediocrity which could've not been his (although the text has some nice parts). Check the link below :)
http://www.museumofhoaxes.com/marquez.html

omyum wrote on Nov 24
nice detective. Chaplin or not, that's a nice poem
